[SYNTH-26796] Document JS assertion truncation in Privacy option (#36900)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/api_tests/http_tests.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working with JSON responses, use `JSON.parse(dd.response.body)` to parse the response body before accessing its properties. This is required for all assertion methods (`dd.assert()`, `dd.expect()`, and `dd.should`) when validating JSON data.
```
This looks weird in the preview, but all I wanted to do is remove the `**Note:**` from the beginning here, so this section wouldn't look so note-heavy.

<div class="alert alert-info">JavaScript capabilities are not supported for API tests in Windows private locations.</div>

> **Note:** If a failed JavaScript assertion's error message might include sensitive data, enable **Do not save response body** under **Advanced Options** > **Privacy**. This truncates the assertion error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">
  <ul>
    <li>JavaScript capabilities are not supported for API tests in Windows private locations.</li>
    <li>If a failed JavaScript assertion's error message might include sensitive data, under <strong>Advanced Options</strong> > <strong>Privacy</strong>, enable <strong>Do not save response body</strong>. This truncates the assertion error message.</li>
  </ul>
</div>
```
This section has a lot of notes in it! These were formatted differently but sat right next to each other, so I thought it would make sense to put them more in parallel with each other.
